Instructions
Open your web browser and navigate to the following page:

https://projects.raspberrypi.org/en/projects/python-web-server-with-flask

Using your previously created MyMath class and the instructions from the above project as a guideline, build a calculator web page.

Your MyMath page should have the following features:

Have a nice readable title.
The entire page should be nicely formatted with CSS.
Your page should use html templates.
Allow a user to enter a list of numbers in some way.
When a "Calculate" button is pressed, the page correctly displays the max, average and StdDev of the list of numbers the user entered, nicely formatted.
Once you have your web page working on your computer, it's time to deploy it to the world. Your instructor will send an AWS Academy invitation to your academic email. Once you receive it, sign up with AWS Academy. Then start the learner lab environment and navigate to EC2, as per your instructors demonstration. Choose the "Instances" screen and create a new instance named MyMath. Choose Ubuntu as the operating system. Create a new key pair and download it to your computer. Edit the network settings and add a new security group rule that allows TCP port 5000 access to your EC2 instance, source 0.0.0.0/0. Leave everything else at the defaults and click "Launch Instance". Login to the instance via the EC2 admin page and run the following commands:

sudo apt update

sudo apt install python3-pip

pip3 install flask

Use Filezilla or WinSCP to transfer your python project over using the certificate you downloaded earlier, username: ubuntu and the external IP of your instance from the EC2 admin page. Note the IP address of your running instance, as that's what we'll use to evaluate your assignment. Run your python project from the terminal:

python3 myproject.py

Please make sure you turn off and also terminate your instance once you've been evaluated. Do not leave your app running unattended.

Always begin your Python with the following comments in your submitted .py files.

"""
Description:
Author:
Section Number:
Date Created:

Updates:
"""